Dev yys pa3.1 (#2)
yifeifang/ysyx_en: translate/pa3.md

> [#](#A Journey Through Time: Batch Processing System) PA3 - A Journey Through Time: Batch Processing System

Reviewer: use md style -

============================================

#### The story of the birth of the world - Chapter 3

> The von Neumann computer was indeed so powerful that it was able to give new life to cold gate circuits. In order to allow the computer to automatically run a set of programs, the pioneers improved the computer.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The von Neumann computer was indeed so powerful that it was able to bring the gate circuits to life. In order to allow the computer to automatically run a set of programs, the pioneers improved the computer.
```

#### Version Control

Before proceeding with this PA, please run the following commands in the project directory to organize your branch, otherwise your grade will be affected.

    git commit --allow-empty -am "before starting pa3"
    git checkout master
    git merge pa2
    git checkout -b pa3
    

#### Submission Requirements (please read the following carefully, if you violate it, you will be responsible for the consequences)

> **Expected average time to completion**: 40小时

Reviewer: ```suggestion
**Expected average time to completion**: 40 hours
```

**Tasks to-do**:

*   task PA3.1: Implement self-trap operation`yield()`

> *   task PA3.2: Implement the loading and system calling of user programs, and support the running of TRM programs

Reviewer: ```suggestion
*   task PA3.2: Implement the loading of guest program and system calls, and support execution of TRM programs.
```

> *   task PA3.3: Run Xian Jian Qi Xia Zhuan (also called Chinese PAL) and Fairy and demonstrate the batch processing system, and submit a complete experimental report

Reviewer: ```suggestion
*   task PA3.3: Run Xian Jian Qi Xia Zhuan (also called Chinese PAL)  and demonstrate the batch processing system, and submit a complete lab report
```
